PlEaSe ThInK dEePlY aBoUt YoUr LiFe HeRe In AmErIcA aNd AsK yOuRsElF tHiS
QuEsTiOn, dO wE wAnT aLl Of OuR cHiLdReN aNd OuR gRaNdChIlDrEn To LiVe In
a PeAcEfUl FrEe NaTiOn Or WoUlD yOu RaThEr SeE eVeRyThInG tHaT oUr NaTiOn
sTaNdS fOr AnD aLl ThOsE pAtRiOtS wHo DiEd DeFeNdInG oUr WaY oF lIfE aNd
oUr FrEeDoM tHrOuGhOuT oUr NaTiOn's HiStOrY hAvE dIeD fOr NoThInG aNd SeE
OuR nAtIoN bE sOlD oFf To ThE hIgHeSt BiDdErS jUsT sO oNe SeEdY fAmIlY cAn
eNrIcH tHeMsElVeS aS tHeY sElL tHeIr SoUlS tO tHe DeViL bY vIoLaTiNg EvErY
RuLe AnD sAcReD tRuSt ThAt ThEiR gOvErNmEnT pOsItIoNs DeMaNdEd ThEy FoLlOw
tO kEeP aLl Of Us FrEe AnD vErY sAfE hErE iN aMeRiCa. vOtE iN eAcH eLeCtIoN,
bUt ChOoSe WiSeLy If YoU wAnT tO sEe OuR nAtIoN aNd FaMiLiEs SuRvIvE aNd YoU
WaNt OuR fUtUrE gEnErAtIoNs To SuRvIvE aS wElL, ThEn PlEaSe VoTe WiSeLy.
DoN'T lEt AlL oF tHe TrUe PaTrIoTs WhO gAvE tHeIr OwN lIvEs AnD tHeIr OwN
FuTuReS dEfEnDiNg OuR nAtIoN tO hAvE bEeN lOsT fOr NoThInG aNd FoR nO oThEr
rEaSoN tHaN tO eNrIcH oNe SeEdY fAmIlY wHo HaS a HiStOrY oF mIsUsE aNd Of
aBuSe In So MaNy PaSt CaSeS aNd TiMeS tHaT tHeY hAvE sOlD oFf AnYtHiNg AnD
EvErYtHiNg JuSt To GeT tHeIr OwN wAy WiTh AlL oF tHeIr PaY tO pLaY sCaMs Of
sElF eNrIcHmEnT aT tHe ExPeNsE oF aLl ThE oThEr AmErIcAn FaMiLiEs. dO yOu
tRuLy BeLiEvE tHaT wE nEeD aNoThEr ClInToN rUnNiNg OuR oWn GrEaT nAtIoN???
hAvEn't ThEy DoNe EnOuGh DaMaGe In AlL oF oUr PaSt ExPeRiEnCeS wItH tHeIr
sO-CaLlEd LeAdErShIp??? tHeN tO tAkE a VeRy LoNg HaRd LoOk At AlL oF tHeSe
oThEr WaNnA bE cLiNtOnS wHo CaMe OuT iN 2018!!! ArE tHeY oR tHe ClInToNs
rEaLlY wHaT yOu WaNt To LeAd Us InTo ThE fUtUrE iF aNy Of ThEm WeRe To WiN
In ThE 2020 eLeCtIoN??? ThEn If YoU tRuLy Do, mAy GoD aLwAyS bLeSs AlL oF uS
AnD sAvE tHe UnItEd StAtEs Of AmErIcA aNd OuR oWn FaMiLiEs FrOm NoT oNlY tHeM
BuT aLsO aLl Of OuR oThEr DeAdLy EnEmIeS aS wElL tOo!!! wAkE uP aMeRiCa!!!
